Justin Palumbo

Meetings:
Feb. 23rd (12:45 - 1:00): Just a short meeting deciding what to do. We all decided to make a Unity 2D "mario-style" game
Attendance: Alex Fowler, Ty Anderson, Justin Palumbo, Riley Taylor

Mar. 23rd (12:45 - 1:45) Met to discuss what everyone was going to do for the game. Mainly decided to let everyone get
a chance to mess with unity and come up with things that we could use for our game.
Attendence: Everyone

Apr. 4th (12:45 - 2:00) Decided to change our idea to make an arcade with each of us having out own game. Alex - Geometry Dash,
Ty - Frogger, Justin - Donkey Kong, Riley - Mario. All of our games are different than the inspiration but we tried to keep them
close to the games. Everyone was told to work on their game and then we would combine them later.
Attendence: Everyone 

Apr. 15th (6:00 - 7:00) Checked in to see how everyone was doing. Wanted to make sure we were all on the right
track and answer any questions that any other group member was needing to ask. Went over how our games were going, 
all were about 50% done at this time. 
Attendence: Everyone

Apr. 18th (12:45 - 1:30) Check up to make sure we are ready present and turn in our 2nd project update. We all 
made and shared a google slides presentation and all agreed to work on it for a week until we presented.
Attendence: Everyone

May 2nd (12:45 - 2:00) Went over how everyones' game was going and went over all of the complications that we were having.
Decided that everyone needed to completely finish their game by the 6th and try to combine them.
Attendence: Everyone

May 7th: (6:00 - 8:00) After completing all of the games and trying to connect them, we realized this is not going to 
work because all of our different games use most of the same tags and all have different user settings. We would have to change 
all of our functions, settings, tags, and codes for us to combine them so we had to scratch the plan and the plan to keep 
a leaderboard with the highest scores. We all use vectors for movement so that is our data structure now.
Attendance: Everyone
